DY Patil University (DYP):

1. About the college

Dr. D.Y. Patil Vidyapeeth, Pune (DPU) is a prominent educational institution in India, established in 1984. It has grown significantly, offering a variety of programs in fields such as medicine, dentistry, nursing, physiotherapy, biotechnology, and management. The Centre for Online Learning (DPU-COL) extends DPU's mission by providing flexible, high-quality education through online platforms, catering especially to working professionals and students across the globe.


2. About the online MBA program

The online MBA at DPU-COL is designed to equip students with comprehensive management skills and leadership capabilities, essential for thriving in today's dynamic business environment. 

The MBA programme at DPU-COL is conceived as per the UGC guidelines and designed
to deliver the best. The programme empowers and equips students with leadership skills, global awareness, and critical and analytical thinking for accelerated career enhancement.
It also accoutres students with the requisite knowledge to think proactively so that they
can perform effectively in the dynamic socio-economic and business ecosystem. Drawing upon their learning from the programme, students can analyse problems, explore alternative solutions and apply judgments based on a full assessment of the evidence.

Program components:
• Compulsory domain core courses
• Compulsory generic course for 1st year
• Assignments, formative and summative
• Project work, report submission, evaluation and viva in semester 4

Program Structure:
Duration: 2 years (divided into 4 semesters)
Credits: 102 credits
Total Courses: 24 courses, including core courses, specialization courses, and project work


3. Specializations

a. Marketing Management
b. Human Resource Management
c. Financial Management
d. Information Technology Management
e. International Business Management
f. Operations Management
g. FinTech Management
h. Business Analytics Management
i. Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
j. Logistics, Materials & Supply Chain Management
k. Blockchain Management
l. Agribusiness Management
m. Digital Marketing Management
n. Hospital Administration and Healthcare Management
o. Project Management


4. website link
https://collegedunia.com/college/55126-dr-d-y-patil-vidyapeeth-centre-for-online-learning-dpu-col-pune

5. Online MBA fees
Full fees = ₹1,69,200


